Update feature.md (#23381)
OpenLiberty/open-liberty: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature.md

  - Owner adds label `No Design Approval Request`
- [ ] No Design / No UFO approved. ([OpenLiberty/chief-architect](https://github.com/orgs/OpenLiberty/teams/chief-architect)) or N/A
  - Approver adds label `No Design Approved`
- [ ] Feature / Capability stabilization or discontinuation or N/A

>   - Owner adds label `Product Management Approval Request` and contacts [OpenLiberty/product-management](https://github.com/orgs/OpenLiberty/teams/product-management)

Author: ```suggestion
  - Owner adds label `Product Management Approval Request` and notifies [OpenLiberty/product-management](https://github.com/orgs/OpenLiberty/teams/product-management)
```

  - Approver adds label `Product Management Approved` ([OpenLiberty/product-management](https://github.com/orgs/OpenLiberty/teams/product-management))

>   - Note: For stabilization and discontinuation, skip the [Beta](#beta) section of the template (you may delete it).  Otherwise, proceed as normal.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Note: For stabilized, superseded, and discontinued feature/capability, skip the [Beta](#beta) section of the template (you may delete it).  Otherwise, proceed as normal.
```
